Update process.mdx (#238)
ensdomains/docs: docs/dao/governance/process.mdx

> "An overview of the ENS DAO's governance processes, and how you can get involved."

Reviewer: The meta object is needed for page formatting and SEO

```suggestion
{/** @type {import('@/lib/mdxPageProps').MdxMetaProps} */}
export const meta = {
    description: "An overview of the ENS DAO's governance processes, and how you can get involved.",
    contributors: [
        'arachnid',
        'lucemans'
    ]
};
```

[discuss.ens.domains](https://discuss.ens.domains) is a Discourse forum for governance-related discussion. Community members must register for an account before sharing or liking posts. Registering for the forum allows community members to post in the general forum; for access to the working groups, fill out the [participant request form](https://airtable.com/shrv2xP39SmuCcd5j).

> There are three workstream categories: [Meta-Governance](https://discuss.ens.domains/c/meta-governance/28), [Community](https://discuss.ens.domains/c/community/12), and [ENS Ecosystem](https://discuss.ens.domains/c/ens-ecosystem/32). Each category has subcategories for each of the steps of the governance process described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three workstream categories: [Meta-Governance](https://discuss.ens.domains/c/meta-governance/28), [Public Goods](https://discuss.ens.domains/c/public-goods/37), and [ENS Ecosystem](https://discuss.ens.domains/c/ens-ecosystem/32). Each category has subcategories for each of the steps of the governance process described below.
```

Author: Made the suggested corrections. 

The Meta object appears on other files in the governance folder, but as long as it’s all working as intended I won’t edit those in a separate PR.
